Delete DOMTimestamp and EpochTimestamp (#17096)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/geolocationcoordinates/longitude/index.md

{{securecontext_header}}{{APIRef("Geolocation API")}}

> The {{domxref("GeolocationCoordinates")}} interface's read-only **`longitude`** property is
> a double-precision floating point value which represents the longitude of a geographical position,
> specified in decimal degrees.
> Together with a timestamp, given as [Unix time](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Unix_time) in milliseconds,
> indicating a time of measurement,
> the `GeolocationCoordinates` object is part of the {{domxref("GeolocationPosition")}} interface,
> which is the object type returned by Geolocation API functions
> that obtain and return a geographical position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{domxref("GeolocationCoordinates")}} interface's read-only **`longitude`** property is a double-precision floating point value which represents the longitude of a geographical position, specified in decimal degrees.
Together with a timestamp, given as [Unix time](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Unix_time) in milliseconds, indicating a time of measurement, the `GeolocationCoordinates` object is part of the {{domxref("GeolocationPosition")}} interface, which is the object type returned by Geolocation API functions that obtain and return a geographical position.
```

{{securecontext_header}}{{APIRef("Geolocation API")}}

> The {{domxref("GeolocationCoordinates")}} interface's read-only **`longitude`** property is a double-precision floating point value which represents the longitude of a geographical position, specified in decimal degrees.

Reviewer: Perhaps not relevant to this change, but does it matter that it is double-precision floating point? Isn't it just a number in JavaScript

> The {{domxref("GeolocationCoordinates")}} interface's read-only **`longitude`** property is a double-precision floating point value which represents the longitude of a geographical position, specified in decimal degrees.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {{domxref("GeolocationCoordinates")}} interface's read-only **`longitude`** property is a number which represents the longitude of a geographical position, specified in decimal degrees.
```

Yes, I think so (although this is out of scope).
